Replacing Environment content with links (#777)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/security/pages/fips-140-2.adoc

The FIPS environment configuration steps depend on the used operating system
and Java version. You should consult with their documentation for the specific configurations.
The following are links to such configuration for various environments.

> * https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_enterprise_linux/8/html/securit[…]ng-a-rhel-8-system-with-fips-mode-enabled_security-hardening[Red Hat Enterprise Linux]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_enterprise_linux/8/html/security_hardening/assembly_installing-a-rhel-8-system-with-fips-mode-enabled_security-hardening[Red Hat Enterprise Linux]
```

Realized a wrong URL used
